Dear editor,

As the previous referee suggested we are transferring the submission of this paper from PRL to PRA.  We are pleased that both referees found the paper interesting and that the Referee B recommends publication in the papers current form. In response to the two comments of Referee A of which the first is “…what physical insight does this technical result provide, in particular since the amount of classicality-enforcing potential cannot be varied physically or hbar varied?”.

Changing the degree of quantumness is equivalent to varying hbar and will change the impact of the classicality-enforcing potential.  We made no claims as to how the degree of quantumness might be changed experimentally because the paper focuses on the linearity of quantum mechanics and the equivalence of the degree of quantumness to scaling hbar.  We do, however, believe it may be possible for an experimental parameter to change the system such that a degree of quantumness would be useful, although we believe it is premature to suggest one.  Further, there are classical systems which have quantum analogs, such as droplets bouncing on vibrating bath, that give rise to an equivalent hbar, as shown in V.I. Sbitnev, (2013), arXiv:1307.6920, which is defined by the parameters of the experiment.  In a system such as this, with a tunable hbar, the concept of a degree of quantumness is directly applicable.

Referee A’s second comment is “The authors mention that their insight may have application to other fields of physics governed by nonlinear equations. If they were dealing with the very generic nonlinear cubic Schrodinger equation I would agree, but their nonlinearity is very specialized, and is furthermore nonlocal.”.

As we have shown, a nonlinear wave equation does not necessarily imply nonlinear physics.  This insight ought to be of interest for the nonlinear science community even though they are generally dealing with different, and possibly more generic, nonlinearities.  Further, while the nonlinearity in the transition equation is specific, it is not necessarily specialized.  The nonlinearity, which corresponds to Bohm’s quantum potential, has been around for decades and among other things comes up naturally in the Madelung equations, the kinetic energy of internal motion such as spin, and is related to the Fisher information. As to it being nonlocal, we consider this to be a strength and not a weakness as quantum mechanics exhibits nonlocal features and therefore any mesoscopic or macroscopic system which claims quantum behavior should also be nonlocal.

Sincerely,
Chris